Piepeline description in README (#111)
nf-core/seqinspector: README.md

## Introduction

> **nf-core/seqinspector** is a bioinformatics pipeline that that processes raw sequencing data to provide comprehensive quality control and exploratory analysis. It performs subsampling, quality assessment, duplication level analysis, and complexity evaluation on a per-sample basis, while also detecting adapter content, technical artifacts, and common biological contaminants. The pipeline generates detailed reports with flexible output options, ranging from individual sample analyses to project-wide summaries, making it particularly useful for sequencing core facilities and research groups with access to sequencing instruments.

Reviewer: Nice with a 3 sentence description! 

My suggested changes: 
```suggestion
**nf-core/seqinspector** is a bioinformatics pipeline that that processes raw sequencedata (FASTQ) to provide comprehensive quality control. It can perform subsampling, quality assessment, duplication level analysis, and complexity evaluation on a per-sample basis, while also detecting adapter content, technical artifacts, and common biological contaminants. The pipeline generates detailed MultiQC reports with flexible output options, ranging from individual sample reports to project-wide summaries, making it particularly useful for sequencing core facilities and research groups with access to sequencing instruments.
```

<!-- TODO nf-core: Include a figure that guides the user through the major workflow steps. Many nf-core
     workflows use the "tube map" design for that. See https://nf-co.re/docs/contributing/design_guidelines#examples for examples.   -->

1. Subsample reads ([`Seqtk`](https://github.com/lh3/seqtk))
2. Read QC ([`FastQC`](https://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/))

> 3. Sequence statistics ([`SeqFu Stats`](https://github.com/telatin/seqfu2))
> 4. Contamination QC ([`FastQ Screen`](https://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastq_screen/))
> 5. Present QC for raw reads ([`MultiQC`](http://multiqc.info/))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Report read counts and lengths statistics ([`SeqFu Stats`](https://github.com/telatin/seqfu2))
4. Screen reads against references ([`FastQ Screen`](https://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastq_screen/))
5. Compile QC results into report ([`MultiQC`](http://multiqc.info/))
```
Hi, Here are some suggestions for updated descriptions that aim to clarify further what each tool does and present them more succinctly. I also changed the MultiQC one as "raw reads" is not accurate when we now have subsampling. Let me know what you think! :)
